Elections/2019/call-for-nominations.md, before:

# RSE-AUNZ Steering Committee Election 2019 Call for Nominations

| Status | Authoritative location |
| --- | --- |
| Draft | [https://github.com/rse-aunz/rse-au/Elections/2019/call-for-nominations.md] |

Dear colleagues,

On behalf of the Research Software Engineers Australia and New Zealand (RSE-AUNZ)
Interim Steering Committee, I would like to invite nominations for the inaugural
RSE-AUNZ Steering Committee.

To be eligible to nominate for, or vote in the 2019 election, you must subscribe
to the RSE-AUNZ mailing list by  and remain a subscriber until the completion of
the election. Instructions for joining the mailing list can always be found on
the [RSE-AUNZ GitHub repository](https://github.com/rse-aunz/rse-au).

To nominate yourself, or another candidate (with their permission), for the
election, please submit a GitHub pull request for the
[2019 nominations file](https://github.com/rse-aunz/rse-au/Elections/2019/nominations.md)
to the [RSE-AUNZ GitHub repository](https://github.com/rse-aunz/rse-au) or email
the nomination [directly to me](mailto:matthias.liffers@ardc.edu.au). The deadline
for nominations is 23:59 AWST on Sunday 15 September 2019 ([convert to your timezone](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?continent=australasia&sort=1&p1=196&iso=20190915T2359&msg=RSE-AUNZ%20Nominations%20Deadline)).

All nominations must provide:
* The candidate’s name and contact details (affiliation, email address).

All nominations may optionally provide:
* A statement describing how the candidate will contribute to ensure that the association is diverse.
* A description of the candidate's relevant experience, including:
   * In 100 words, describe your experience of working as a Research Software Engineer.
   * What skills will you bring to the committee?
   * What would you like to change through your involvement on the committee?
   * What contributions have you already made to the RSE community?

Examples can be found at the [RSE UK website](https://rse.ac.uk/conf2017/agm-vote-new-committee-members/).

The [2019 election process](https://github.com/rse-aunz/rse-au/Elections/2019/nominations.md)
is available on the [RSE-AUNZ GitHub repository](https://github.com/rse-aunz/rse-au).

I am managing this election process in the role of Returning Officer and
[Sam Moskwa](mailto:Sam.Moskwa@aero.edu.au) has agreed to work as Scrutineer. By
working in these roles, Sam and I are both ineligible to stand for election.
Any concerns or enquiries about this election process can be sent to Sam or me.

Regards,

Matthias Liffers
Research Software Skills Specialist
Australian Research Data Commons

Commit message:

Added 2019 election README, added more detail to call for nominations

Elections/2019/call-for-nominations.md, after:

# RSE-AUNZ Steering Committee Election 2019 Call for Nominations

| Status | Authoritative location |
| --- | --- |
| Draft | [https://github.com/rse-aunz/rse-au/Elections/2019/call-for-nominations.md] |

Dear colleagues,

On behalf of the Research Software Engineers Australia and New Zealand (RSE-AUNZ)
Interim Steering Committee, I would like to invite nominations for all eight
positions of the inaugural RSE-AUNZ Steering Committee.

To be eligible to nominate for, or vote in the 2019 election, you must subscribe
to the RSE-AUNZ mailing list by  and remain a subscriber until the completion of
the election. Instructions for joining the mailing list can always be found on
the [RSE-AUNZ GitHub repository](https://github.com/rse-aunz/rse-au).

To nominate yourself, or another candidate (with their permission), for the
election, please submit a GitHub pull request for the
[2019 nominations file](https://github.com/rse-aunz/rse-au/Elections/2019/nominations.md)
to the [RSE-AUNZ GitHub repository](https://github.com/rse-aunz/rse-au) or email
the nomination [directly to me](mailto:matthias.liffers@ardc.edu.au). The deadline
for nominations is 23:59 AWST on Sunday 15 September 2019 ([convert to your timezone](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?continent=australasia&sort=1&p1=196&iso=20190915T2359&msg=RSE-AUNZ%20Nominations%20Deadline)).

All nominations must provide:
* The candidate’s name
* The candidate's contact details (affiliation, email address).

All nominations may optionally provide:
* A statement describing how the candidate will contribute to ensure that the association is diverse.
* A description of the candidate's relevant experience, including:
   * In 100 words, describe your experience of working as a Research Software Engineer.
   * What skills will you bring to the committee?
   * What would you like to change through your involvement on the committee?
   * What contributions have you already made to the RSE community?

Examples can be found at the [RSE UK website](https://rse.ac.uk/conf2017/agm-vote-new-committee-members/).

Following the close of nominations, there will be a one week confirmation period
to determine the eligibility of candidates. If there are more eligible candidates
than positions vacant (8), I will announce a voting period of two weeks, commencing
Monday 23 September 2019.

The [2019 election process](https://github.com/rse-aunz/rse-au/Elections/2019/nominations.md)
is available on the [RSE-AUNZ GitHub repository](https://github.com/rse-aunz/rse-au).

I am managing this election process in the role of Returning Officer and
[Sam Moskwa](mailto:Sam.Moskwa@aero.edu.au) has agreed to work as Scrutineer. By
working in these roles, Sam and I are both ineligible to stand for election.
Any concerns or enquiries about this election process can be sent to Sam or me.

Regards,

Matthias Liffers

Research Software Skills Specialist

Australian Research Data Commons
