Elections/2019/nominations.md, before:

# Nominations for RSE-AUNZ Steering Committee Election 2019

| Status | Authoritative location |
| --- | --- |
| Open | [https://github.com/rse-aunz/rse-au/blob/master/Elections/2019/nominations.md] |

Nominations are in the order received by the Returning Officer. Please see the bottom of this document for a template.

## Nominees

* [Nicholas May](#nicholas_may)
* [Justin Baker](#justin_baker)
* [Heidi Perrett](#heidi_perrett)

## <a id="nicholas_may" />Nicholas May
*RMIT University, Melbourne, Australia*
[nicholas.may@rmit.edu.au](mailto:nicholas.may@rmit.edu.au)

### Diversity Statement

Diversity covers a broad range of categories, not just the protected attributes of gender, age, ethnicity, etc. As a 'Certified Professional Member' of the Australian Computer Society, I will add the experience of a software engineer — practicing in the research domain — to the diverse perspectives that this association aims to represent.

### Relevant Experience

*In 100 words, describe your experience of working as a Research Software Engineer.*

Over the last 30 years, I have worked in various software engineering roles and industries. However, the last 12 years have been spent applying this experience to the research domain. I have gained an understanding of the aspects of software engineering that are relevant and useful within the research lifecycle from being embedded in a research group and from collaborating with researchers in a diverse range of fields. In addition, I have regularly published papers and presented on software architecture, eResearch, and research software engineering at national and international conferences and forums.

*What skills will you bring to the committee?*

As a steering committee member, I will bring a high-level perspective that will enable the committee to develop a strategy for growing the RSE community. In addition, through collaboration and communication, I can help the committee to stay focused on delivery, not just discussion. And finally, my excellent minuting skills will never go to waste.


*What would you like to change through your involvement on the committee?*

I would like the association to have a greater recognition for the breadth of the RSE community in Australia: it's not just 'researchers who code'. In addition, I'd like the committee to fully exploit the goodwill we have built up with national and international organizations, so that we can promote the establishment of regional and local RSE groups. And finally, I'd like to see the committee move towards a formally established organization by the end of 2020.


*If you have already contributed to the RSE community, please list those contributions below.*

As a member of the interim steering committee, I have co-convened workshops, BoF sessions, and a mini-conference for the RSE-AUNZ at several national conferences. In addition, I have co-authored and presented the Australian version of the International RSE Survey. I have represented RSE-AUNZ and co-chaired the RSE Worldwide session at the UK's RSE Conference. And have taken a leading role to drive forward the development of the association's 'Goals and Deliverables 2019' and 'Election Process 2019'.

## <a id="justin_baker" /> Justin Baker
*CSIRO, Melbourne, Australia*
[justin.baker@csiro.au](mailto:justin.baker@csiro.au)

### Diversity Statement

I am a strong advocate of the finding that diverse teams are better performing teams.  This flows into my ongoing recruitment tasks, where I have assembled high-performing teams comprised of people from a range of backgrounds, ethnicities and a balance of genders. My current team at CSIRO is a perfect example!

### Relevant Experience

*In 100 words, describe your experience of working as a Research Software Engineer.*

I have a BSc in Computer Science, Master of Information Technology and Grad Dip in Biotechnology & Business.

I have worked as a software developer at Monash University and the Bureau of Meteorology. I am currently leading the Data Analytics and Visualisation Team of eight developers in CSIRO’s Scientific Computing Group.  

*What skills will you bring to the committee?*

During my career, I have occupied many IT based roles in the research support area. These include Senior IT Officer, Divisional IT Manager, Executive Officer, and RSE Team Lead. This experience – including software design and implementation, IT infrastructure support, team management and project management - provides me with a great perspective on the issues affecting individuals across the “RSE spectrum”.

*What would you like to change through your involvement on the committee?*

I’m really keen to see the RSE movement achieve recognition and acceptance in Australia, and for us to contribute to the movement internationally.

*If you have already contributed to the RSE community, please list those contributions below.*

I have successfully presented abstracts at eResearch Australasia and C3DIS – on Scientific Visualisation and the delivery of eResearch services. My latest co-authored submission to eResearch Australasia is accessible [here](https://conference.eresearch.edu.au/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/2019_eResearch_24_Brief-Review-of-eResearch-Service-Provision-in-CSIRO-2019.pdf).

# Template for nominations

## <a id="heidi_perrett" /> Heidi Perrett
*QCIF, Brisbane, Australia*
[heidi.perrett@qcif.edu.au](mailto:heidi.perrett@qcif.edu.au)

### Relevant Experience

*What skills will you bring to the committee?*

I have been in the eResearch space for the last 10 years and undertaken various roles in support, development and management during this time.

I can provide insight into what is has been like coming from an IT background into the Research environment and through researcher outreach activities like Software Carpentry, HackyHour & Research Bazaar I have been able to connect with people who have come from a Research background and have found themselves learning IT skills.

I have also been a part of the RSE community and have been an interim steering committee member for the past year.

*What would you like to change through your involvement on the committee?*

* I would like to see recognition of the skillset crossover (IT and Research) through position description names
* I would like to get a better idea of what type of skills recognition the community is looking for and work towards achieving this
* I would like to start work on a recognised skillset baseline (that is flavour (aka php, python, JS) agnostic) for people in this field already and for those looking to get into it

## Your Name Here
*Institution, City, Country*
[your.email@address.com](mailto:your.email@address.com)

### Diversity Statement

### Relevant Experience

*In 100 words, describe your experience of working as a Research Software Engineer.*

*What skills will you bring to the committee?*

*What would you like to change through your involvement on the committee?*

*If you have already contributed to the RSE community, please list those contributions below.*

Commit message:

Added back top top links to nominations.md

Elections/2019/nominations.md, after:

# <a id="top" /> Nominations for RSE-AUNZ Steering Committee Election 2019

| Status | Authoritative location |
| --- | --- |
| Open | [https://github.com/rse-aunz/rse-au/blob/master/Elections/2019/nominations.md] |

Nominations are in the order received by the Returning Officer. Please see the bottom of this document for a template.

## Nominees

* [Nicholas May](#nicholas_may)
* [Justin Baker](#justin_baker)
* [Heidi Perrett](#heidi_perrett)

## <a id="nicholas_may" />Nicholas May
*RMIT University, Melbourne, Australia*
[nicholas.may@rmit.edu.au](mailto:nicholas.may@rmit.edu.au)

### Diversity Statement

Diversity covers a broad range of categories, not just the protected attributes of gender, age, ethnicity, etc. As a 'Certified Professional Member' of the Australian Computer Society, I will add the experience of a software engineer — practicing in the research domain — to the diverse perspectives that this association aims to represent.

### Relevant Experience

*In 100 words, describe your experience of working as a Research Software Engineer.*

Over the last 30 years, I have worked in various software engineering roles and industries. However, the last 12 years have been spent applying this experience to the research domain. I have gained an understanding of the aspects of software engineering that are relevant and useful within the research lifecycle from being embedded in a research group and from collaborating with researchers in a diverse range of fields. In addition, I have regularly published papers and presented on software architecture, eResearch, and research software engineering at national and international conferences and forums.

*What skills will you bring to the committee?*

As a steering committee member, I will bring a high-level perspective that will enable the committee to develop a strategy for growing the RSE community. In addition, through collaboration and communication, I can help the committee to stay focused on delivery, not just discussion. And finally, my excellent minuting skills will never go to waste.


*What would you like to change through your involvement on the committee?*

I would like the association to have a greater recognition for the breadth of the RSE community in Australia: it's not just 'researchers who code'. In addition, I'd like the committee to fully exploit the goodwill we have built up with national and international organizations, so that we can promote the establishment of regional and local RSE groups. And finally, I'd like to see the committee move towards a formally established organization by the end of 2020.


*If you have already contributed to the RSE community, please list those contributions below.*

As a member of the interim steering committee, I have co-convened workshops, BoF sessions, and a mini-conference for the RSE-AUNZ at several national conferences. In addition, I have co-authored and presented the Australian version of the International RSE Survey. I have represented RSE-AUNZ and co-chaired the RSE Worldwide session at the UK's RSE Conference. And have taken a leading role to drive forward the development of the association's 'Goals and Deliverables 2019' and 'Election Process 2019'.

[Back to top](#top)

## <a id="justin_baker" /> Justin Baker
*CSIRO, Melbourne, Australia*
[justin.baker@csiro.au](mailto:justin.baker@csiro.au)

### Diversity Statement

I am a strong advocate of the finding that diverse teams are better performing teams.  This flows into my ongoing recruitment tasks, where I have assembled high-performing teams comprised of people from a range of backgrounds, ethnicities and a balance of genders. My current team at CSIRO is a perfect example!

### Relevant Experience

*In 100 words, describe your experience of working as a Research Software Engineer.*

I have a BSc in Computer Science, Master of Information Technology and Grad Dip in Biotechnology & Business.

I have worked as a software developer at Monash University and the Bureau of Meteorology. I am currently leading the Data Analytics and Visualisation Team of eight developers in CSIRO’s Scientific Computing Group.  

*What skills will you bring to the committee?*

During my career, I have occupied many IT based roles in the research support area. These include Senior IT Officer, Divisional IT Manager, Executive Officer, and RSE Team Lead. This experience – including software design and implementation, IT infrastructure support, team management and project management - provides me with a great perspective on the issues affecting individuals across the “RSE spectrum”.

*What would you like to change through your involvement on the committee?*

I’m really keen to see the RSE movement achieve recognition and acceptance in Australia, and for us to contribute to the movement internationally.

*If you have already contributed to the RSE community, please list those contributions below.*

I have successfully presented abstracts at eResearch Australasia and C3DIS – on Scientific Visualisation and the delivery of eResearch services. My latest co-authored submission to eResearch Australasia is accessible [here](https://conference.eresearch.edu.au/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/2019_eResearch_24_Brief-Review-of-eResearch-Service-Provision-in-CSIRO-2019.pdf).

[Back to top](#top)

## <a id="heidi_perrett" /> Heidi Perrett
*QCIF, Brisbane, Australia*
[heidi.perrett@qcif.edu.au](mailto:heidi.perrett@qcif.edu.au)

### Relevant Experience

*What skills will you bring to the committee?*

I have been in the eResearch space for the last 10 years and undertaken various roles in support, development and management during this time.

I can provide insight into what is has been like coming from an IT background into the Research environment and through researcher outreach activities like Software Carpentry, HackyHour & Research Bazaar I have been able to connect with people who have come from a Research background and have found themselves learning IT skills.

I have also been a part of the RSE community and have been an interim steering committee member for the past year.

*What would you like to change through your involvement on the committee?*

* I would like to see recognition of the skillset crossover (IT and Research) through position description names
* I would like to get a better idea of what type of skills recognition the community is looking for and work towards achieving this
* I would like to start work on a recognised skillset baseline (that is flavour (aka php, python, JS) agnostic) for people in this field already and for those looking to get into it

[Back to top](#top)

# Template for nominations

## <a id="your_name_here" /> Your Name Here
*Institution, City, Country*
[your.email@address.com](mailto:your.email@address.com)

### Diversity Statement

### Relevant Experience

*In 100 words, describe your experience of working as a Research Software Engineer.*

*What skills will you bring to the committee?*

*What would you like to change through your involvement on the committee?*

*If you have already contributed to the RSE community, please list those contributions below.*

[Back to top](#top)
